Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, good morning.
Angelina C: How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay. I had a last minute cancellation. So I reached out to you. I'm glad you were able to meet last minute and that's a pretty rare thing. Um, but what's been going on, you missed yesterday you missed this morning, what's going on.
Angelina C: Yes. Okay, so it's it's all has to. This is why I was going to go to the doctors. This is what they keep saying that my direct screen is it tricor since last month.
Angelina C: And I didn't point. I went, Wednesday, Friday, and I went yesterday morning to get my drug screening. And then finally, I went yesterday before I had to run into work.
Angelina C: And I just, I left it there because I said he says, I'm going to call them. I said, Okay, I said, I'm just gonna go ahead and pee because they say that it's here. It's been here since last month.
Angelina C: And then I got a phone call at five. And they said, no, that you there's absolutely nothing over there. Okay, so I went with my doctors today.
Okay I invited
Gwenevere Abriel: A physician in to join us today to assess how you're doing on your medication and see if if she can offer any information around what you're describing, I'm not in the loop around pieces like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I imagine that's pretty confusing and this program is supposed to be an easy process.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it sounds like there's something that's making it a challenge for you. And I'd like to know what that is. So I don't know if it's at the faxes and they are someone mean there's a lot of people involved. Now I can't tell what the problem is. It's
Angelina C: Well, like Wednesday when I had my meeting with you. I had, I had said I would be there I go right after our meeting so right before I went to work.
Angelina C: I was sitting there for 45 minutes and I said, I can't wait. And so I left.
Angelina C: And they and they you guys keep seeing Angelina, everybody says there's a drug screening there since last month for me.
Angelina C: There's absolutely no dirt screen there. So every so I went again on Friday. There was still nothing. So I went again yesterday morning, nothing. So I went yesterday afternoon and I thought I could solve it and
Angelina C: And and you guys are seeing the bright heart health, Angelina, saying that there's been one since last month. So when I go to do it I it's been since last Wednesday.
Angelina C: So I canceled my doctor's appointment Friday with you or with my doctor because I you and I had talked
Angelina C: And we decided that I was just going to stay with you guys and we're going to work it out this way, but then when I go to do music screen. I don't have my meds today because I don't. I couldn't join group because I didn't have my drug screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Well, that's why you're here today. Okay, I'm going to try and help with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So stay here for with me for 45 minutes let's do some of the psychotherapy piece and then right at the end. Let's see if we can address what's going on with medication. I did ask for the physician to come in here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: because something's I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I've literally can't help. I don't. That's not I'm over here in Florida. I don't understand.
Angelina C: It's just frustrating. That's the reason that I was just going to do it all one stop at my clinic.
Angelina C: And then when we talked. I said, Yeah, that's fine. We'll just do it this way. It's always with the drug screening. So my doctor even said to though when you guys need one. I can always just go right there to her.
Angelina C: Right, so anything is that I am taking Sudafed right now though, and for my cold, so do anything. Okay, just let because I'm gonna put my headphones in. Because every time I get a text or something from what my phone goes low. Okay.
Angelina C: Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your phones charged
Angelina C: It's charged 99% fantastic. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so let me just see what she's
Angelina C: Writing
Gwenevere Abriel: This to see a she might be in a in an appointment right now. Let me just see what she says.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it's one conversation away if it's one little thing away you know it'd be nice to have you know you getting the services in one place with us. But let's just see if she
Angelina C: That's as well. It's frustrating for me. It's been like this every since we've, I've come back out here, huh, and it hurts, because I can't join group. And that's what I told him yesterday, just really hurts my feelings. I can't join
Angelina C: I could see if it was my fault.
Angelina C: I would take the blame.
Alright, let's see if I can get ahold of her
Gwenevere Abriel: Just gonna mute myself for a sec.
Gwenevere Abriel: Join us
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to see if she can help elucidate what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you've worked with Dr. Rob rail before. Correct.
Angelina C: Um,
Angelina C: Why
Gwenevere Abriel: Long gray hair.
Angelina C: I might have way been in the beginning.
Angelina C: But it's really system doctor on mine, but I'm probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Angelina C: If not,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll meeting, she's been here.
Gwenevere Abriel: The longest she's the one that started with the owner
Angelina C: So she's been here. I'm glad you got you reached out to me. I was actually going to text you that I made. I just made made a doctor's appointment, because they couldn't get me until next Tuesday. But with lupus is I get the kind of like where I get squeezed in
Angelina C: With the stuff so cheap I call today and my doctor was gonna let me in there because I said, Can I just do my drug screen there so you guys can get it.
Angelina C: So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so Dr. Gabriel
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to come on to video and all. Oh, there you are. Okay, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and Angelina, this is Dr brielle
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to introduce you to she's been here with Braveheart since it all got started and there is some some confusion. I think I'm the one that's confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: And mostly me
Gwenevere Abriel: But it almost sounds like Angelina is about to leave because of what's happening with the drug screens is getting
Gwenevere Abriel: So challenging such an obstacle such a barrier that she's I think if I'm not misrepresenting you'll correct me. It's so cumbersome. She's about to go get her medication elsewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I'm wondering if you with your eyes can see where the breakdown is happening. My second hand information and you'll correct me Angelina is
Gwenevere Abriel: Something about. Hey Angelina, that's the message bright heart is sending. Hey Angelina, there has been a drug screen waiting for you at try core for blah blah amount of time to the point that she's not lead into group possibly when
Angelina C: Yeah, I was yesterday I was still hurt. Yeah, because I can't join group.
Angelina C: Okay, because I don't have my drug screening
Gwenevere Abriel: Or cake. The hurt. We're just going to put over here.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is just you talking about 9am
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Okay, so that's the part I'm confused. This is where I am ignorant and I'm not trying to be the centerpiece of this. I just were about to loser.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I don't understand what the barrier is what is try core is this our go to. Can you see if there is a drug screen waiting and it's been there for a month. Like, I don't get it.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I see two of them. One for December and one for
Dawn Abriel: February. So Angelina, have you not received in the mail the cups.
Angelina C: No, I haven't. I
Dawn Abriel: That's the problem. That is the the main problem for some reason they do not have an accurate address
Dawn Abriel: And so by law. We have to have the results of the drug screen on record in order to be compliant with the regulations for running an opioid use disorder program so
Dawn Abriel: It's incumbent upon you. You're the one who needs to go to the virtual clinic and say this is it cannot be a post office box. It has
Angelina C: That's all I have. Because we live in the mountains where we get mail well
Dawn Abriel: You gotta figure something out where you have an address. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just breathe. Everybody breed. There's more information. There's more
Gwenevere Abriel: So Angelina has been going to try our twice. She has canceled doctors appointment. She has creating the space for this extra effort kind of what you're describing, Dr. Rob real she's doing it and it's still coming back. There's no drug screen sitting, I try
Dawn Abriel: So I have another question.
Dawn Abriel: Nina.
Dawn Abriel: Have you told tricor that they must facts, the results too bright heart health.
Angelina C: They I've done it there before with them. I've used try quote here. I've been out here since December. I've used them plenty of times I just understand when I go in there. There's never a thing there.
Angelina C: Ever fun. There's no yeah there's nothing there for me.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Angelina C: That there's a kind of funny.
Dawn Abriel: Right, right.
Dawn Abriel: Right heart health has a contract with quest not try core. So when you go into try core, you have to have, you have to stay there call bright heart health and say, Please fax over an order.
Dawn Abriel: And then they do it and then you do the test and you have to tell try core facts this the results too bright heart health.
Angelina C: If you don't have that.
Dawn Abriel: Same gym.
Angelina C: He's the same gentleman. I've been working with. That's why he knows he called you guys yesterday there was no doctor available yesterday when I was there, there was not even a doctor available to even write the orders and you guys say there's seven there there's not any there.
Angelina C: There's absolutely no nothing there for me.
Angelina C: I'm looking at an
Angelina C: Order. We could even call them now.
Dawn Abriel: It says, try core reference labs.
Angelina C: I'm sure they'll
Dawn Abriel: Handle and it's right here to 17 it's it's just waiting there so
Dawn Abriel: I've been three times since last week.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so that was ridiculous Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so trying more. There's a communication gap. That sounds like happy between tricor and bright heart. Something's happening. There's already referral. What I wonder is, if it's sitting in. Is there a central database, you've mentioned that before, Doc, where there's a son.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, no.
Dawn Abriel: Only for Christ.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, nevermind. For try or
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I don't understand is how on the phone without schlepping all the way down there, Angelina, being able to get on the phone was trying for and saying, please check because I'm on I'm I've already spoken and bright heart health, you should be in receipt of the referral.
Dawn Abriel: No, that won't work going to do. Sorry. Love it. That's not how it works.
Dawn Abriel: Bright heart health has two facts to try core
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't they just
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't understand why it hasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Already been done.
Dawn Abriel: Why it says that's because tricor is used by 1% of the clientele.
Dawn Abriel: So are not an automatic thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our Care navigators right now. Couldn't do it right now. They're the does it require you to press a button. Dr. All I meant to say go, does it have to come from try for requesting it
Dawn Abriel: Like, do you see, oh, no, it has to come from and
Dawn Abriel: Angelina telling the virtual clinic people that
Dawn Abriel: She's getting her urine drug screen done please fax over the order to try core
Dawn Abriel: And they don't even know there's something there.
Angelina C: Even though there's something sitting there, though you guys say there's still something there. Why don't they accepting my. I mean, I'm not getting I couldn't even go to, I don't, I don't understand it.
Dawn Abriel: The care coordinator. Yeah, this is, I think there's a lack of communication. I don't know if the care coordinators didn't know how to find the order I mean it really they're literally I'm looking at in their pre orders here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We go in there. Can we all go in there and talk with someone and just get this done.
Dawn Abriel: We're about to lose let's let's let's ask
Dawn Abriel: Let's ask and
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask someone to come in here and join us because
Dawn Abriel: I will. Okay, that'd be great. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Angelina, let's, we're going to get right in it. Let's because this is too many chiefs in the kitchen. So the way I see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, it's just a matter of type, type, type done like that. That just seems like
Angelina C: Because I know I got a voicemail yesterday from the lab and they were sick that he did get ahold of you guys but there wasn't a doctor. Right. The there wasn't a doctor to write the order for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what Dr. Our real
Gwenevere Abriel: Estate clients already sitting there in place. That's what I'm hearing. It's already sitting there.
Angelina C: That's a yeah that's what bright horse how saying, but they don't have it.
Angelina C: For some reason, and this is this
Angelina C: Are you seeing that tricor doesn't have right
Angelina C: They don't have any orders. Correct. And then when they called you guys yesterday there was a doctor, but they were in the meeting, so they couldn't send it
Gwenevere Abriel: couldn't send it that makes
Dawn Abriel: Does
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't make
Angelina C: Sense when
Gwenevere Abriel: They couldn't send the order
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, don't need a doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: That something's always put a pin in it and get more information. It sounds like the breakdown just found it might be right in here in the care navigator space. Let's just see what's about to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay 58300 130 to
Dawn Abriel: Well, that, that just must be a real hassle, they have to go to the lab each month.
Angelina C: You know,
Dawn Abriel: I I've been going
Angelina C: I'm not an act. See this is and then now I'm having car trouble. But no, I'm in Edgewood and see I can go to first choice. I've even said, I do my drug screening there my doctor has no problem with that she had nothing nothing problems with that. So I can even do a map first choice.
Angelina C: If that's because I think Dr Alamein said you guys are connected with first choice. That's why I got a doctor there.
Dawn Abriel: Were no we're not connected
Angelina C: Except if
Dawn Abriel: It was connections that you guys or
Angelina C: Is it an
Dawn Abriel: Urgent Care. It's a doctor's office.
Angelina C: Oh, OK. So it's lab, it's everything.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, if you've got your drug screen done there. And you said please fax it to bright heart health. That's good enough. That's all you need. But you still will if you're if the doctor at first choice will will order one monthly than your home free.
Angelina C: Okay, but if you if you
Have an appointment at 1130
Dawn Abriel: Okay, if you need
Dawn Abriel: If you need bright heart health input that that's where it does get very confusing when people use a different lab.
Dawn Abriel: Other than quest so
Gwenevere Abriel: Did anybody get ahold of you.
I remember
Dawn Abriel: She says,
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Who Angelina must be trying to get in. Okay. All right. Um, I think I would see her manage participants. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Angela. The gal that's going to join us as the same first name as you so that's going to get a little confusing.
Angelina C: Oh wait, just come in G.
Angelina C: OK, I am at all. You can just call me Angie. That's what I go by.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. I'm gonna call you Angie. Thank you for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is how it's going to sound off. I'm going to say, hey, is there already a referral in there and Angie, where is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to go ahead and let's just follow through this one time with it all the way over to because she's here all the way to try core. Is that what we're going to follow through with right now.
Angelina C: Because I can tell her, or I could I could do it it but first choice day. It doesn't either or it doesn't. I'm going to be out anyway so
Angelina C: I know, but we've kind of need that first choice.
Dawn Abriel: It's up to you. I can go to
Dawn Abriel: Whoops.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might mean rewriting something. So, all right.
Dawn Abriel: Not, not if, if the first choice doctor and you can give the first choice. Dr.
Dawn Abriel: My phone number, if you want.
Because
Dawn Abriel: If, if he or she needs to know that it has to be done every month. I think that would be the easiest thing for you is if that doctor said, Okay, once a month, I will get a drug, I will order a drug screen for you.
Angelina C: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Are we all in agreement, because we need to pick one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Place so that everyone's on the same page. We can document it. And everyone's doing the same thing, we're all in agreement first choice is going to be the provider of the drug screening
Angelina C: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the request the referral going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Initiated from bright heart. That's what I'm wondering, because we have Angelina, and now here is a new referral needed. We're not going to analyze the breakdown at this point we're going to move forward with a new plan so is a new roof for referral needed for a drug screen. Just checking.
Gwenevere Abriel: To first choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not.
Dawn Abriel: So Angelina, when I look in Cary. Oh, and I go to labs and studies I see to pending drug abuse panel waiting there. So those could have been used when she went to try core yesterday. I don't understand why these weren't just automatically sent to try core for her.
Angelina - CCT: Oh, actually, a good morning Dr rail.
Angelina - CCT: Right, okay. Actually, Dr. I resent the facts. I mean, the lab order yesterday to try core because the deuce barisan who called us yesterday and gave
Angelina - CCT: Gave the fax number so I resent it. So I already received a message from our essential that it was sent or SUCCESSFULLY SENT yesterday.
Dawn Abriel: So somehow the patient got the message that it couldn't be done. And so she's really frustrated and because she has to get it done every month as appeal box right we're thinking that. I mean, it really is up to you. Angelina, whether you want to use.
Gwenevere Abriel: Angie Angie Angie Angie, the client.
And you
Angelina - CCT: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: First choice or if you want right heart health to generate it. But again, if you ask very hard health to generate it
Dawn Abriel: Someone's got to communicate with bright heart health to fax them over the order. So it sounds like it would be easiest if you can get the provider it first choice to order it every month.
Okay.
Angelina - CCT: All right, so whatever you I mean whatever you request Dr rail then Google to that. So since
Gwenevere Abriel: We have the address right now. Can we knock this out and have a have a plan in place.
Angelina - CCT: Okay, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Angie, do you have an address.
Angelina - CCT: gadget.
Angelina C: First choice.
Dawn Abriel: Well, she she shouldn't need it all she really needs is to tell first choice to fax the results too bright. It hotel.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're saying
Gwenevere Abriel: That forevermore. The bright heart health, and does not need a referral for a lab coming from us. She will just be told, please get a month free drug screen. She goes into first choice gets it done and has it faster Breitbart
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not
Dawn Abriel: You can talk if she can talk her doctor into generating net order instead of great heart health.
Angelina C: Okay, do you mean by that generate
Gwenevere Abriel: There's, there's a loose end right there. I can
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so
Dawn Abriel: Bright heart health.
Dawn Abriel: Generating making an order.
Dawn Abriel: Your private doctor at first choice.
Dawn Abriel: Would have to make the order and then you do the drug screen and then it gets fax to bright heart health.
Dawn Abriel: If your doctor is willing to do that. If not, we're happy to do it. It's just an extra step and if your primary if that doctor at first choice doesn't have a problem with doing it each month, then that would be easiest for you.
Angelina C: Okay, I have an appointment 1130 so I don't see why it wouldn't be she was on board with it earlier.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so all you need now is the fax number for bright hotel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have that
Angelina C: Angie. Oh, ma'am.
Angelina C: Let me get an
Angelina - CCT: Official aphasia. And one more thing we need the ROI.
Angelina - CCT: Of her private doctor
Dawn Abriel: Oh, okay.
Angelina - CCT: Good. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you did you know that
Angelina C: What's the IO. What is that
Dawn Abriel: If a release.
Dawn Abriel: Of information.
Angelina C: It just okay
Dawn Abriel: legal technicality. You just have to say it's okay if we talked to this doctor that we get the results. It's, you know, one of those
Dawn Abriel: silly thing. OK.
Angelina C: I will say for bright her
Angelina C: Okay.
Angelina - CCT: Okay 415-458-2691
Gwenevere Abriel: Read it back. Angie.
Angelina C: 415458 to 691
Angelina - CCT: You got it, yeah.
Okay.
Angelina - CCT: And by the way, oh, we also send you a a male. I mean, the you a cop.
Angelina C: Have you have a p i didn't know that's already gonna be out of there because I have a P. O. Box.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, you should probably just cancel it for her Angelina, because she doesn't receive them.
Dawn Abriel: Because they will send them to you.
Dawn Abriel: That's true for pharmacies and for labs. If you have a P. O. Box. They won't, they won't
Dawn Abriel: They won't accept them.
Angelina - CCT: It's got about a
Dawn Abriel: Street Address.
Angelina C: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I want I'm it surprised Angelina that you even get your medicine because the pharmacies don't generate
Dawn Abriel: The drug when you have a peel box.
Angelina C: I
Angelina C: Know, I've been working with you guys since before December December.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Angelina C: I've been with you for
Dawn Abriel: A while. Keep you
Dawn Abriel: We want to keep you want you to be happy. We want this to be easy. I mean,
Dawn Abriel: It really is much easier.
By the way,
Angelina - CCT: I think we can request to Rachel to send the the you a copy to her pillbox. Can we do that.
Dawn Abriel: We can immediately try
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, try
Angelina - CCT: Request yes I'm mainly know your appeal box Angelina, so that
Angelina - CCT: We can make a request.
Angelina C: P. O. Box 758 Edgewood New Mexico.
Angelina - CCT: He would
Angelina - CCT: And
Angelina C: He takes 701 but
Angelina - CCT: OK, so get a spiel box 758 Edgewood New Mexico 787015. I'm sorry.
Angelina - CCT: Is that correct,
Angelina - CCT: Okay, thank you. I will try to make a request. Okay.
Angelina C: Super. Thank you.
Angelina C: You're welcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then in your email Angelina, you're going to receive a link a sorry Angie client receiving a link from care navigator
Gwenevere Abriel: For what's called a ROI release of information. It allows your primary care physician to send that lab work too bright heart health. That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Protected health care information if consents and releases that information to be sent to bribe her health. She won't send it, she will not send that lab work for office staff won't send it without a release.
Angelina - CCT: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can probably also send release that when you're over there at the you're there at 1130 to say, hey, I need to sweat every day. So my lab work to make its way over to Brian heart health. You can do it that way to
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going to know what you're talking about. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Need to sign or ROI. So my lab work can get to Breitbart hell.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. And if you already have that fax number for them, then it'll be on file in the ROI and then you can just refer to it, you know.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, thank you. Angelina care navigator for coming in here today. I sure
Appreciate
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your day. Thank you.
Angelina - CCT: Thanks. Bye.
Dawn Abriel: Bye and
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we talk about dedication for a moment.
Angelina C: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this, she was going to attend today at seven in the morning. Um, it just didn't work out. So I reached out they happen to have a cancellation so angeleno. What was your last dose taken
Angelina C: Yesterday, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what milligram. So you want right now.
Angelina C: I'm on the eight I'm on the strips three times a day.
Angelina C: The 8.2 strips so within
Gwenevere Abriel: A look inside your record. I wanted
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's what it says here, for some reason, but yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that would be
Dawn Abriel: The lecture or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I don't understand. So eight times three.
Dawn Abriel: He said 24 milligrams
Dawn Abriel: She takes 110 times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope, this she's under the care of Dr. All of them will stick with that that
All right. Coach
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's not do that. Let's just stay here with with just delicious help her out. We're covering him right now. So let's just do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It takes a
Dawn Abriel: Little palpitations, I gotta tell you
Dawn Abriel: What it gives me palpitation
Gwenevere Abriel: I can talk with her about it because then I'm just, I'm just the just the reporter, you know, I'm just, I'm just the messenger.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so for seven days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your normal group is when
Angelina C: Angie Mondays Monday's
Dawn Abriel: You could get her.
Gwenevere Abriel: To Monday. That'd be groovy. You bet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no change in pharmacy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then we can let the dog go. Okay, any other medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like quantity and gamma pen and Docs have been any
Gwenevere Abriel: Supportive medication going on in addition to the buprenorphine.
Angelina C: Oh yeah, I'm, I'm a lot of medicines, but I get them from my doctor. Okay.
Angelina C: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: We're done with the buprenorphine portion and then
Dawn Abriel: I've got, I've got a
Gwenevere Abriel: Reality, you can go ahead and head out if you want
Dawn Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright. How are you doing,
Angelina C: Okay. It was just stressful because I really enjoy group. And so it kind of it just, it just refresh rate is
Gwenevere Abriel: Just so you know, I have I have other groups we if
Gwenevere Abriel: If your schedule minds up beautifully. Yeah, we've been having really good groups this week. Um, I have one on Thursday at 11 I have one Friday at 12. I don't know if
Angelina C: I'm going to do.
Angelina C: Thursday at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good. Oh, good.
Angelina C: I'll do that. Oh, yeah. Thursday at 11
Angelina C: And then
Angelina C: We'll go from yeah
Angelina C: Thursday at 11am and then I give all this stuff to the doctor today because I'll go through my drugs.
Angelina C: So,
Angelina C: I'm noticing that
Gwenevere Abriel: Here your energies, a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Low and it makes sense right
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't had
Angelina C: The medications morning. Sorry, you're getting a call. So
Angelina C: I know it's me. I'm trying to, it was my
Angelina C: Okay.
Angelina C: There we go, sorry. That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's make the most out of the time that we do have here and
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk a little bit about, let's review, maybe some of the stuff that we covered last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you have a chance to to use any of the belly breathing. Have you noticed for a lot of people. That's where they start
Angelina C: Yes, worth it. And when I do use it, I have to say, since I have been doing that.
Angelina C: Works been going a lot more smooth like i'm i'm really, it's really going good. Now we have a meeting this week so
Angelina C: You know I what I decided to do the other day is like instead of people taking it upon themselves and running and tattling
Angelina C: I just go up because we're there 30 minutes early to get an AR register. So I just go check whatever that they are not doing before me, like when they complain about the bathrooms, or whatever.
Angelina C: So I went in there and I took the grown other day and it was a mess. And I said, I said, See
Angelina C: I so I just follow them through with the things that are bothering me not anybody else. Okay. And when I get there early. I just walked through and I let them know it's bothering me if they could work as a team on it.
And that seems to be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: To hearing you.
Angelina C: They're receptive. Yeah.
Angelina C: It is. It's what's what's hard as the morning crew. The kids are young are so young.
Angelina C: Yeah, they're like 18 yeah they're really young, so
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't, they don't take pride in their work, you know,
Angelina C: No, no, no, no, no. I hear that
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, it's been a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's let me just take a peek at what we what we had done last time I'm looking at a prior note. Um, I was sick on Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: blood work going to try for today and get it done instead of Friday have an appointment yesterday there forever.
Hello reviewed dead.
Okay.
Ah, oh
I see something did we start that
Gwenevere Abriel: We did, you know, we, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: We started to develop that anchor real a little bit. We had just started
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now on a zero to 10 distress level, how much distress to you in right now because I know you haven't had your medicine. This morning how distressed because it tends to last about 24 hours, how
Angelina C: I'm okay. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not feeling anything I I'm not feeling it that I don't, I'm not having it but
Angelina C: It doesn't give me the I've usually when I take all my meds. In the morning are getting kind of just like a but I'm six still too, so I don't feel it, really. I guess I mean all of it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then let's go ahead, first are developing this anchor them a little bit. Let's see how far we get because we were just starting to
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can prop me up somewhere. So you're not holding on to me. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: On a bookshelf or
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like that.
Angelina C: I can do over here.
Angelina C: To do it this way just because of my headphones, because of the when the phone rings. I can't hear you. After that, for seven days and
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want, you can put yourself on Do Not Disturb under the settings that might also help
Angelina C: I do the same thing. Oh.
Angelina C: That's what I do when I go into groups. And that's a good idea. Yeah, do that cuz
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you don't want to do it right now. You don't want to
Angelina C: Put it on. Do Not Disturb I can try. I don't know how I can try. I have the ring off. But let me see. I just only issue here. Hold on me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll still get the buzzing
Angelina C: Well I okay hold on. Whoops. Hold on. Stay there. I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you
Angelina C: Get logged out you just log back in
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't take it personally.
Angelina C: I would do not disturb
Angelina C: Yep, that's one understanding is probably okay. Okay. Beautiful. Here we go, let's try them.
Angelina C: What
Gwenevere Abriel: Flooring had to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: You identify yes I continue to have what you identified as being blocked around an anger issue right there was some
Gwenevere Abriel: Domestic violence that started at about age 21
Gwenevere Abriel: You've had some some hurt from an infidelity. And then there's this coming up husband on the road in Texas.
Gwenevere Abriel: A sense of being criticized recently was a recent trigger around how you drive that was a recent trigger
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there was a mention of some Lucas. I don't think I oh now I remember what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have some much right on your mind that it was like okay I couldn't start developing the room because it was more like
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to be heard. You don't mean because there's not a lot of people that can kind of really hear what you're going through. So check in with yourself, energy and see
Gwenevere Abriel: What would feel better. You kind of venting and letting out the concerns going on or starting to develop one of these anchor rooms with me. We feel better.
Angelina C: I think when we meet next because I did that one time, I know it's and I noticed because I
Angelina C: I let things build. So I think one day you'll just hear me, and I'll just go on and I feel bad because I think I did that to Jessica. I just went on and I'd be one here, and I'd be way over here and I come back and be way over here.
Angelina C: I just and she did. She let me for like 30 minutes just
Angelina C: And I just let it all out. So that helps it does, but I, I just, I think it's because I do hold so much and I don't have friends to talk to you. Yeah. So I think when. Yeah. So when I get in there. I'll just be
Angelina C: Like okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you want to do today. Do you want to because your energies, a little lower. This might be good timing to actually kind of slow down and do a little bit of the development of the anchor room. What do you think
Angelina C: Can try that. That'll work.
Angelina C: See what happens. Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, what, what would feel different about today for you is probably it'll be a short answer, you'll just answer my next question. Because I've got question after question after question. And basically, it will guide us through the development of this imaginary room.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a story. It's just a response. That's what will feel different for you. Normally, you'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Your typical way, I think, is to share and then you share why you shared that and then why you shared that and then you why you shared that and what's connected to this connection up today would just be
Gwenevere Abriel: Response and then my next question. And then your response. Okay. It'll be like a little volley back and forth. Is that going to be okay.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see how it goes. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if the, the challenge that for you is still around this anger piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we were trying to identify how old this was my think let me go up in my notes and see if we identified how old
I can't see how old might have been 21 maybe might have been the youngest age.
Angelina C: Like the abuse. I'll say that you started with my mom's girlfriends. When we were younger.
Angelina C: The two things are different, like I did have infidelity. And I did have verbal abuse with my husband and stuff too, but my mom's girlfriends used to beat me. My brother.
Angelina C: However, that
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, how
Angelina C: I was in kindergarten. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to put age five. So the only time this exercise we're going to do is not about a memory. This is really different. There's total of three things that will be reliant on memory already did one that was age done and then it's going to be. Did you have a nickname at age five.
Angelina C: Janina yeah
Angelina C: Hold on Janina
Angelina C: Yes, these
And then you, Roy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now notice how hard it is. Right. You want to tell me a story.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hard. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we will, we won't be able to get this exercise because this is all I'm asking is, your age and a nickname.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's the only memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's one more that will happen much further into this exercise. The rest of it is not you forcing yourself to pull a memory up. It is not that it is from the right side of the brain. It is the creative imaginary response. Now, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be a combination of something that comes up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That may have something to do as a memory. But what happens with people when I do this exercises. They force themselves to say, oh, no, that's not how it was. It was like this. I remember that's not what this exercises. Don't force your response to come from our memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're going to see what I'm talking about when we're doing this exercise together. You may be tempted to go, what was it, what was it, no. Now in this room that you and I are going to
Angelina C: Cultivate
Gwenevere Abriel: It has to do with getting what you want.
What you need
Gwenevere Abriel: Not what was there at age five. That is not what we're doing this room never existed when you were five
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're still getting calls and texts.
Angelina C: Even though. Yeah, my I don't know my Texas. I don't, they're just kind of what's like the doctors, the pharmacy or that they're just coming
Angelina C: Yeah, I'm sitting in Texas.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, we've got 20 minutes I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, five nickname to Nina.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to look around your room. Just look around.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture the rest of this home that you happen to be staying in now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to imagine a room that is attached to this one imagine any room.
Gwenevere Abriel: It gets to be exactly what you want it gets to be as big as you want, as bright and all the things that you want in it. And once you to tell me what you think of and try not to censor your response. How big is it how bright is it what's in there first thing that comes to mind.
Angelina C: Empty
Gwenevere Abriel: An empty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. All right. And how big is it
Angelina C: Huh. It's, it's pretty big. It's just a big empty room.
Gwenevere Abriel: It. Okay, so we've got me God big we've got white and the the white. Is it because it's paint is there plaster on the walls. What do you see, if you were looking at
Angelina C: Just wait, does everything just white
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what else do you see this in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: So nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, nothing, nothing. Okay, where's the light source coming from
Angelina C: This. The walls are real bright, it's just like a bright lit room it's, there's not one
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't see any Windows
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see, why don't you take a look down at the floor in this space. And just imagine what kind of flooring is there in that room.
Angelina C: Just like
Angelina C: Okay, what color brown
Gwenevere Abriel: Brown light brown dark brown
Angelina C: Dark Brown.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dark Brown dark brown blood
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can notice the temperature of the room. This takes imagination. This takes really being present with if you want to close your eyes, you can see
Angelina C: These are going to get cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's cold in there.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this particular room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a room that's going to be a sanctuary for you a safe place for you, where you get all of your needs met there. So now check in with that coldness. Is that what you want.
Angelina C: No, it's just cold. I just, I don't know why it's called
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll do some development to try to get into the temperature that feels welcoming. Okay, so for now just noticed that your imagination you came up with a cold room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you. So it's cold right now, but it's not really ideal.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and so we're going to get into all of the senses.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can notice what kind of things you might hear in there.
Angelina C: Just of you guys just quiet at the bed, the heater just turned off.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's quiet.
Angelina C: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the heater. There is a heater in there.
Angelina C: And try out just turn off. Yeah.
Angelina C: I'm not it's quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there is a heater in the room.
Angelina C: Mm hmm.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now notice what you might smell. If you are in this pretty
Gwenevere Abriel: Big white empty room well lit, although the sources UNKNOWN. You've got this dark wood flooring and it's quiet. What's a smell that comes to your consciousness will comes up.
Peanuts.
Angelina C: Peanuts.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now pay attention to the most difficult one taste.
Angelina C: Now have a taste. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a hard one to get. For most people,
Angelina C: Yeah, the taste. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just fine. Now I want you to turn to how you got in the room. See if there's a door, and then we're going to go in to really, I want to hear about the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: What it's made of what color the handle. Is there a lock, things like that. What do you notice
Angelina C: It's a glass door. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there describe the handle. Is there a lock which side, that kind of thing.
Angelina C: Yeah, there's locks on both sides. Okay.
Angelina C: But the hand.
Angelina C: Handled just like a regular handles, not the door. Mom took a flat long one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Long okay yes and is the door lock now.
Angelina C: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: From who sign
Gwenevere Abriel: Your side goals. It's locked on both sides.
Gwenevere Abriel: You liked it. They liked it. Whoever the other side is
Angelina C: Mm hmm. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a feeling response to it being locked on both sides, like I like it. I don't like it.
Angelina C: I do. I have anxiety, but I like it because I'm safe there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Angelina C: Okay, but I have anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's glass. Now can you see through this class, or is it like frosted or
Angelina C: Austin, like a foggy Boston. Okay.
All right, we got a funny frosted out there, right there, funky.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've covered what you see in there, take another look. See if you can see the heater.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where it is in the room.
Angelina C: Like a wall connected to the wall. It's like a long one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to turn it on and warm it to a temperature that you like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any sort of picture yourself doing that might as well as our imagination. Might as well. Turn it on. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't like the sound, guess what.
There isn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: One and I bet, like, Wow, I can't even tell that it's on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your maybe like knowing that calm. Maybe it's reassuring in some way. So just pay attention. That's all. And it's warming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for now, I'd like you to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard you say in this room there's anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: What part of your body is activated around that anxiety. So see if you can locate
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there's a tension. If there's any kind of pressure pinching heaviness somewhere in the body. When you notice that you're anxious
Angelina C: Yeah, I get my I just get real my lower back really locked up like I get real intense anxiety. Like I tense up. Okay.
Angelina C: I hate, I hate when you get to heaven. You're like, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I may have gotten an eyelash in there so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's inconvenient.
Angelina C: Okay see things happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know right.
Angelina C: I'm getting kind of how much. Okay, my husband, Mr calling me I know his work is
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's amazing when your eyesight goes, you get old. Like, you can't see you got to have glasses on to seeing your eyes, but then you can't see in your eyes because guys glasses on.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh and oldest for the birds.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I did not know, but it is definitely a big fuzzy thing. There's a big fuzzy things around there.
Gwenevere Abriel: How he's now going to work and all the techniques here go lower lid. Try upper lid.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder if I got it and get it. I don't know. We'll see if it flows back out again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we're back locks up
Angelina C: Like intense
Gwenevere Abriel: Intense
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's associated with the label of emotion lower back locks up
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: This room is pretty cool because
Gwenevere Abriel: It has magic and off on the side of a wall somewhere is a secret little compartment that
Gwenevere Abriel: Janina knows about.
Gwenevere Abriel: And get to it and outcomes, a magic wand and she gets to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have some magic in there.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get in touch with this five year old self in this magic and be really open to what comes up because something might change. You might notice that the thing that's needed for Gina. With this magic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. What does she need in this room for her back to feel better.
Angelina C: For her to have to lay on the bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it. So, magically, what do you see
Angelina C: I see a couch and
Gwenevere Abriel: We hear about couch.
Angelina C: It's a blue couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. Okay. Nice. Nice. The magic to get some company stuff in there and is she's sitting on it. Where is she
Angelina C: Yeah, she's just sitting not blood, no I yeah she's sitting on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and the bed scrub the bed.
Angelina C: And the badge. Just a little tiny single bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything unique about the bedspread or anything on there. That's kinda
Angelina C: Just reminds me of when my godmother got us our first ones when we were little, but that was blue. Mine was. That's what it reminds me, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and how does Janina feel now that that bed in a blue kind of Comfort Inn and a blue couches in their house, Gina doing
Angelina C: Okay, so have anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we got to keep going because in this role.
Gwenevere Abriel: We get to feel good, good, good, good, good.
Angelina C: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah it all in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have a slow way way way down. And this might be a time to truly turn in
Gwenevere Abriel: To them to that back to those muscles, way in the back. They've been informing and sending a message for quite a while. Might be time to really tune in and see and give give the imagination of this little girl. This Janina a chance because she might have a great idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: What the back needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to
Gwenevere Abriel: Relax, its muscles just to sort of relax the muscles around the vertebrae, things like that. What it's going to need now a kind of a cookie way of doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. My ears on a hot mess today my ears are
Congested
Gwenevere Abriel: Is to give a voice to the back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just imagine those back muscles themselves could shout something out or make a request. What do you think those those back muscles like say
Angelina C: Or what they might screen, probably to see screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think the screen.
Angelina C: Does the pain, just to let it out. I just wish to go away like this release it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who would listen
Angelina C: To the wall.
Angelina C: I guess just the walls would you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that enough though, right. So think about what magic is possible in here just picturing what this little girl needs in there who really needs to hear her.
Gwenevere Abriel: First thing that comes to mind. Try not to censor
Angelina C: Hmm.
Angelina C: Don't know I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard to tell.
Angelina C: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's go back to how she's doing in there. Let's for a second.
Angelina C: She's
Gwenevere Abriel: She's sitting on the couch right let's go to tactile we missed that we missed that one. I want you to just imagine Janina has her little hand and she's reaching over to the side and I want you to describe how that couch fields from her little fingertips in her hands. How does it feel
Angelina C: This rough
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what she wants.
Angelina C: No, I went, smooth, but it just feels to me like on my hands and I would be like, bumpy, for some reason, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would it be worth it to get this room just right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't overuse this magic, we can use it as much as needed to get exactly the texture temperature, taste, smell emotion and physiology that's needed
Gwenevere Abriel: Put you can have exactly what you need right with this couch. You want it to be smooth. What would, what would it be made of
Angelina C: probiotic of Elvis. Elvis.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who Boy do I relate to that I got.
Angelina C: It soft velvet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes.
Angelina C: Yeah, now, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: You baby and you know when you move your finger kind of goes from for him, kind of, you can move it like hopefully you're moving
Angelina C: On
Angelina C: Draw a little it's pretty. Yeah. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: What color blue, but she did. Blue is it
Angelina C: Just like a real light blue. Okay, there we go. So it's a velvet light blue
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of get a sense that she's kind of touching in it feels good.
Gwenevere Abriel: When is it squishy. Is it a firm couch.
It's soft
Gwenevere Abriel: Check in with the back. How's the back doing
Angelina C: Better. It's not so hot, either.
Angelina C: I always put my it's an eight usually gets real hot but like when I'm real tense. So I'm relaxing not it's not hurting as much
Gwenevere Abriel: So this, I like that she's getting what
Angelina C: She
Angelina C: Isn't here. So yeah, it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: What about the temperature with the heater on does it seem like
Angelina C: It's starting to know a little warmer.
Angelina C: Warmer
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's the emotion. See if you can catch it. What's the emotion right now in that room.
Angelina C: Just lonely sad.
Angelina C: Supposed to be happy. But it's lonely and sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: We gotta, we gotta go with exactly how you're feeling lonely and sad, pay attention to that and justice, you said it. Where did you notice the body registered lonely and sad.
Angelina C: Just to my chest, just like and it starts getting anxiety and
Angelina C: Just hurt.
Angelina C: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: To feel anxiety and hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get that. Let's get that sense of chest for a moment and let's give that a voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's important, right, we're wired for for connection. We're wired to to sort of have that social medicine connect to people talk with them feel love to give love, friendship, or we're wired for that we're sort of, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. OK. So the chest is registering some sad and and some lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if you can give that a voice. What would the chest say right now.
Angelina C: Just heavy. It hurts like it's just sad. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who knows how to help with that chest. This is the tricky bit right here.
Angelina C: Just breathe. Thank you, Tom and belly breathing Ok so now he's
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing helps, but sometimes it's literally a person we think about what lonely.
Angelina C: It says, Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe there's someone that you want in the room or something you want in the room that would help. What does Janina want, which is the chest need
Angelina C: I don't know, it's, I don't know, it's, that's where I've always felt so lost. Yeah. Like you know you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But in this room, we give her a chance. There's no wrong answer, we can get it all wrong 10 times
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you will correct it. Again, notice how we we had a temperature and then we changed it. We haven't
Gwenevere Abriel: Had this
Angelina C: And we had. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We get to get it just right, and it'll take as long as it takes. Because you're worth it because having this space available to you is worth it.
Angelina C: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: This room is
Gwenevere Abriel: too important in therapy with me. We use it when we use it and we use it, we come here. We were solved challenging issues in our lives here safely where we have all of our needs met. It's a great place to have. So I want to get it just right.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go back again, there's no wrong way for you to do it.
Angelina C: There's literally
Gwenevere Abriel: No long way. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If the chest is heavy.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would bring lightness to it. What would lift.
Angelina C: My grandmother, my grandmother always do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What could she do
Gwenevere Abriel: Or say or bring into the space. What do you
Angelina C: What just happiness and love.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's your grandmother there and she doing something or saying something.
Angelina C: She was just always like my, my best friend, like we we took pictures way we just do have fun together all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So can you picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Her having fun.
Angelina C: What would you be doing. We probably we saw. It's like taking pictures of each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: So can you picture Gina Gina and her kind of taken silly pictures like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens to the tightness in the chest.
Angelina C: It's going away. It's not as tight.
Chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is still something
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if there's still some tightness. We still want to keep keep modifying and keep modifying until we get it just right.
Angelina C: Just laughing just having fun, just being me. You know,
Angelina C: A little
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything out into the room that would kind of make it more fun for five year old.
Angelina C: And
Angelina C: I can't see anything right now. I mean, I just don't see it. Right. I just, I don't know, it's weird.
Angelina C: Okay, it's the summer, I don't want to go kinda
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can. I got you. But in here. There's not going to be any fighting
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, won't be. We won't we won't have fighting. No one knows how to get in. You have a lock on the inside. Right.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may decide to change the locking
Gwenevere Abriel: System initially has it locked from the outside and the inside. Maybe you'll decide there's different keys. Maybe it's a magic door and no one sees it, but you you get to create whatever you want to increase that sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe there's particular people that know how to see the door.
Angelina C: It's hard. I know I don't even want to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, your grandmother, for example.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you trust her to know where the door is or even her
Angelina C: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so she might be someone who knows where it is. Is there anyone else that you trust enough to know
Gwenevere Abriel: Your to this room is
Angelina C: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. That's it. It's just grandma.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's very common people need that sanctuary that that space that's very precious to them, you know, no one can get to. That's, that's kind of where
Angelina C: That heart speaks it yeah that makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: So because we're at the top of the hour. I want to be gentle and sort of come out of this. This work that we're doing right now. We'll pick this up again and we'll keep will develop it, but I want to
I want to
Gwenevere Abriel: praise You, you know, hey,
Look what you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: You developed it this far right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's a hard thing to do because you know sometimes our mind wants to go to memories of what wasn't what isn't. And this one asks, this is what I want.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I need and really pushing aside that other history and saying, no, I'm gonna I'm gonna make this happen for myself and giving yourself permission to do that and you were able to do big pieces of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're about maybe a third of the way through the exercise, we still have a long way to go.
Okay.
Angelina C: That's good, though. It's hard. I didn't. Jessica, try to go there and I avoided it every time I could like that.
Angelina C: But yeah I I tried to avoid it as much as possible, but
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a positive thing. This is a
Gwenevere Abriel: Real resource not asking you to tell me stories about your childhood that you'll decide on timing. If you want to do those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: So whatever it is that you're feeling that's unwanted right now. Maybe you want to put some of those negative memories in a container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of put it, I don't know if you have already developed one but maybe you can picture a container of some kind. Kind of put it in there and maybe send it on down on a little raft down the river. Just have it send on down, you can kind of picture it moving further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then go into your breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of put those two things together just spend some time right here at the end, I'm going to do it with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have that belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Net on on your terms. You get to decide what you want to think about where you want to focus your attention and you can kind of picture moving further and further away down the river.
Gwenevere Abriel: A container, maybe it's in a raft or something just moving further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're breathing into your belly reminding your mind that you are safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: This there's no danger right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That what you were thinking about earlier is actually in the past. It's not happening right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And instead just focus on how it feels to have that breath know how does that tell me feel as it hits the t shirt, you know, just focusing on the viscera and the skin, your body right now. It'll get you back in this moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our future scheduling here and
Gwenevere Abriel: See, see what we've got. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: Which means you do not. You're welcome to keep it if you want to. We had originally a six in the morning appointment on March 13. You don't have to keep that one. If you don't want it because you met with me just now it's
Angelina C: All text. What I think I'll do is I'll text you because I was so upset that I couldn't even make group that really like I told them that means a lot to me when I get to group and do my one on ones. So when I couldn't do it really hurt me. So now,
Angelina C: I do want to keep up the weekly even with you. But yeah, let's see if we could do like a 10 o'clock or 11 o'clock, but I'll do group tomorrow, probably at 11 or Thursday to live in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Berkeley this I'm going to cancel you for six o'clock.
Angelina C: Okay.
Angelina C: Because it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: A really big deal for me to show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: As our given my other obligations. So I'm going to cancel it. We met
Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's, it's, I'm not going to forget the important thing you're saying you keep using this word hurt.
Angelina C: Right, I'm going to catch
Gwenevere Abriel: On to pay attention to that because you're getting hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: With mechanical failures mechanical
Gwenevere Abriel: A text. Right. I mean, a fact, some
Angelina C: Someone doesn't know some
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something in your heart and I don't want to be heard from
Angelina C: Learn more about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you write down group on March 12 um but but Angie Angie, maybe the drug screen won't be in. I have no idea.
Angelina C: I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I would invite you to not take it personally. The people
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, are in virtual clinic I don't tell them, but someone's telling. Don't let clients in. They didn't say Angelina, specifically, she's no good. Don't let her in.
Angelina C: That's what they said Wednesday, if I didn't get it. I couldn't drop the group. So I went Wednesday after right away. I know what you're saying.
Is yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to
Angelina C: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now this is our short term plan, go to your doctor. Get the release of information text me tell me how it went, Hey, let's move
Gwenevere Abriel: It got facts or they'll do it later because we have a little bit of time. Then we have all of Wednesday to see if it worked. And then Thursday at 11 o'clock is group and maybe it'll be smooth, maybe it won't be but you getting hurt. There's no need
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, we're gonna
Angelina C: Be
Gwenevere Abriel: Will get this figured out
Angelina C: Okay, I sure appreciate it. Thank you for reaching out today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. Be good to you.
Angelina C: All right, thank you will see you
Angelina C: Thursday. Yes. They're saying
Angelina C: All right, we'll see you later. Goodbye.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna have to go grab something to put in my stomach for some reason. I've got some nausea, I
Don't know why. So grab something
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a little distracting. Yeah, I was just about curled
Katrina Gutierrez: Yeah, I hate being anxious. I'm the biggest baby when I'm nauseous or throwing up
Katrina Gutierrez: I can't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see if it passes, maybe I just need a little song in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last couple weeks for you, what's your, what's it been like
Katrina Gutierrez: It's been
Katrina Gutierrez: It's been busy. I'm
Katrina Gutierrez: Just, you know, keeping an eye on Trinity and
Katrina Gutierrez: She ended up getting kicked out of school.
Oh, that
Katrina Gutierrez: Huh.
Yeah.
Katrina Gutierrez: Yeah, she's got a hearing on Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've come to the conclusion that she's gonna go with her mom okay hospital that's been a while you've been working on that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you already talked with her about it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was that
Katrina Gutierrez: Three years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, any additional acting out. Is she crying. She angry. What's happening standing in a room that was going on.
Katrina Gutierrez: Yeah, pretty much. Um,
Katrina Gutierrez: She did. She did get a job. But that's just to keep her busy. Well, her mom gets things together.
But, uh,
Katrina Gutierrez: That's about it. Yeah, she's no actually yesterday she was on out with Matthew in the kitchen, and it was for the first time in a long time, I'd actually heard her laughing and conversation with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or she wasn't agitated with him so
Katrina Gutierrez: I'm thinking the school might have been a little more stressful than
She could handle. I don't know. She just wasn't doing well at that school
Gwenevere Abriel: She was acting out a lot so she can end up changing schools, when she stays with her mom.
Katrina Gutierrez: Yeah. Well, I mean, I hope, I hope the whole reason you know anybody's really been doing this is to make sure she does, and
Katrina Gutierrez: You know, I mean, we've been doing it for her too. But, you know, the whole reason
Katrina Gutierrez: I have always been on her about it was to make sure she finished school
I guess it's gonna be really up to her mom and her, but I would hope. I think her mom is gonna make her
Gwenevere Abriel: Change schools.
Katrina Gutierrez: Yeah, yeah, just start schools out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. What I don't know where out there, you have an idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, oh, oh my, I see definitely changing schools, obviously. Okay. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Katrina Gutierrez: Sorry, I did wasn't sure what you were
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't know whether she was 20 minutes away.
Katrina Gutierrez: Easier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, okay, Tennessee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so how is this impacting you
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear all about it. Pros, cons, a whole deal.
Katrina Gutierrez: Improves would be that she would, you know, be with her mom and her mom might be able to help her better than I can. Okay, you know, she right now it seems like she needs a parent and more of a
Lot more than what I can give her in the sense of like being nurturing or understanding or even just
Katrina Gutierrez: Being, you know, a more of a nurturing type
You know, more the
More nurturing more maternal
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's not the right word. It might be
Gwenevere Abriel: And you took on the responsibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember for
Gwenevere Abriel: For Trinity. Because why
Because I love her and I want her to succeed and
Everybody else head.
Like never even given her the chance. It's like they just kind of walked away. And it wasn't fair to her and I didn't want her to not succeed.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I know those things for her, but she don't see yourself as the best resource for that.
Katrina Gutierrez: No, there's just certain things. I can't give her or I can't be there for her. I mean,
Yeah, there's certain things. I can't
Do for her.
You know she needs a parent right now and
Katrina Gutierrez: No matter how hard I try. I'm not that parents
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your mother's name.
Katrina Gutierrez: Tori.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is Tori.
Katrina Gutierrez: Tori saying that she's worried and she is
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, going to get stuff together to get her down there and
Katrina Gutierrez: That it was just a little hard, the timing because she just started a new job and you know they're
Right between like paychecks or whatever. So just to give her a little bit of time so she can get that. So she can get a ticket for and
You know, just some of the stuff that she had been doing when we told her mom her mom was like, what, how, what do you mean, she was just really confused like there's a lot that
Katrina Gutierrez: She has those milestones that she's missed because of the neglect. Yeah, and they're showing
And we've tried to work with her on and we've, you know, a header and Calvin. We've tried
Katrina Gutierrez: You know, basically all that we
Katrina Gutierrez: Can think of and not a whole lot has changed, it seems like right now she's going through something that she she
Has to
She needs more
I guess.
Understanding or
Gwenevere Abriel: So Katrina, you're my client.
Gwenevere Abriel: I notice you spend time talking about Trinity Trinity. TRINITY.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm indulging that but let's shift gears for a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know what this is like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: really slow down on this because this is not a small issue. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: I get a sense of what this is. So notice here, this is you like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is still stimulation. You're coping with something right now. What is that
Basically, it's just
Katrina Gutierrez: I feel like I never had the choice in saying no, or no, I never got to be that fun and I never, you know, got to feed her sugar and send her home.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
I never
I always had to be the hardest or I always had to be
Katrina Gutierrez: The responsible one or
You know, I'm tired of
Doing it and I am not. I don't know what to do at this point because
Katrina Gutierrez: It was going good. But now she's, she's going in a different direction that I don't know. I don't know what to do. And I don't want it to get worse.
So I, I just feel
I feel like I've come to
Katrina Gutierrez: The point where that's all I can give. I don't want to. At this point, I feel like I'd be more harmful than helpful to her and myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what I have to give
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it going to be like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about when you hear how she's doing over there.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This new you typically
Gwenevere Abriel: Are jumping in and rescuing not rescuing right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is going to be new territory.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your new thought
Gwenevere Abriel: When she goes through something you hear about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is that what is the meaning out of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I'm asking a really hard question might as well take a look at these now.
Katrina Gutierrez: Something good or bad.
Bad
That
That you know i think i can't blame myself for it that
Katrina Gutierrez: I did what at the time about right and what I know. Done.
For my own
My own mental health.
So whatever happens out there. Of course I don't want anything bad
But whatever choices she makes I can't
I can't make
That choice for her. I can't live her life for her and
Katrina Gutierrez: I trust her mom more than I do. Anybody else
To
Be able to guide her
And get her on track. I mean, every time she's been with her mom. I've never had to worry
Gwenevere Abriel: Why hasn't
ended up going to prison.
Well, because
It's kind of
Katrina Gutierrez: Doesn't make sense because I just said that. And then the prison thing but
Katrina Gutierrez: No, because I've seen her with Trinity and
Katrina Gutierrez: I've seen the habits and stuff that Trinity displays when she comes back from her own opposed to when she's with my brother.
Katrina Gutierrez: And right now, Tori is on
Katrina Gutierrez: He's on probation, she's you know has to check in. She's got a all these
She's got all these
She's got all these things that she has to
Katrina Gutierrez: All these steps to be able to make sure
She maintains
Yeah.
Katrina Gutierrez: You know, good silver state.
Gwenevere Abriel: Philosopher
Katrina Gutierrez: I'm not sure how long I'm probationers but I know she's gonna be on for a while.
She moved. She was in California. She just moved to Tennessee specifically to get away from anything of her past
Gwenevere Abriel: There are three. No, but if you just need a moment just say
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like to spend the next couple of years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dot dot dot. How do you finish that thought.
I would like to spend the last couple next couple of years, focusing on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I've never got to do it. Mm hmm. What's that feel like to say that out loud.
It feels
It feels like it's
Katrina Gutierrez: Earned but it's been a long time.
Like a too long coming, they should have done it earlier.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: It feels good. It feels good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Because, for once, I'm putting myself.
Before anybody else, and
Katrina Gutierrez: I didn't know that for a long time. I didn't realize how important that was
Because I constantly was worrying about my mom and my niece and
Katrina Gutierrez: In in a lot of ways that did have an effect on me.
Katrina Gutierrez: In like physical and mental health. You know, I can't blame it on it, but
It did.
You can't help anybody if you're not
Okay.
Katrina Gutierrez: You're not healthy yourself. You can't help
Anyone, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That Tori makes mistakes that Tori.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does the best that she can do
Gwenevere Abriel: And you continue to progress you continue to live your life and now part of the family. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trinity is tory's daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: That wasn't your choice. You didn't adopt her. You say, I want, I want to take care of this person here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lost her daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it okay if you separate and say, I get to
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel success. I get to feel growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're going to go at their own pace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they may catch up, they may go ahead of you at some point in their lives that you get to work on yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. And that's, that's pretty new, because you you've been compelled right to do it the other way for a long, long time.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does this align with your just want to check in and different domains. How does it align with your spiritual beliefs. How does this lineup. Alright, thanks.
Katrina Gutierrez: I think that's a big reason why it's
Okay, now
Able to separate is because
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's part of it. It's a big part of it. How so,
Katrina Gutierrez: Well, it's like finding myself and finding what my purpose and passions and just finding myself again.
Katrina Gutierrez: Finding out who I am as just me.
As an individual
And then be able to work on any kind of outside relationships and. See also another thing that I'm seeing right now is
You know,
Katrina Gutierrez: There are areas that I don't know how to be an adult, I don't, I can't teach it.
Katrina Gutierrez: So I'm seeing those areas fall on a lot of other people that it really is not their responsibility. Yeah, and that's not fair to her to them to me because it makes me also feel like
Katrina Gutierrez: You know,
Katrina Gutierrez: Not a failure, but like it just, it points out the areas that my mom didn't do the best didn't do it that all really and it, you know, it kind of it bothers me when you know she needs help with something. And I'm like, I don't, I don't know how to do it. I want to tell her that I also
Don't want to show the wrong way. So I see where it falls on other people. And they sometimes already have enough on their plate.
Especially with, you know, their own
Katrina Gutierrez: You know kid that they're having to worry about and teach as well and
Turning doesn't learn is quickly sometimes on some subject.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be like for the rest of us to not say her name.
Katrina Gutierrez: Every great
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we do that, let's see what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like to focus on today.
Katrina Gutierrez: So I had a question.
Katrina Gutierrez: Is what you the, what is their code that we were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: The FDR
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What is it, so it's I'm movement. Well, the I move it, even though it has I movement in the name. It's irrelevant. It's basically
Gwenevere Abriel: I movement desensitization and reprogramming but the eye movement is secondary to the fact that it's bilateral stimulation. So what part do you want to know about. Do you want to know why people say it works. You want to know what it treats, do you want to do it. What
Katrina Gutierrez: What is a treat because
Katrina Gutierrez: I want to know if it's something else that I've come across is the same thing of what I'm thinking is, I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Write it down. Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: MTR is a specialized therapeutic technique.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what it's actually doing. There's a lot of theories about the mechanism of change and the ones that I've read some of them are just just sound ridiculous. So, the ones that I think might actually be true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because Katrina.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can kind of only measure where blood flow is in the brain when we do our measurements. Right. We, the mind is still a mystery. Mm hmm. Yes, we can say there's neurotransmitters. Yes, we can say that, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to give you two theories that I think seem logical. And actually, there's really only one that I think is probably the one that's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: The first one has to do with working memory. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this bilateral stimulation that in here that I've been doing with clients, it seems to be working. Even in here, even though you guys don't have the little
Gwenevere Abriel: Pulsars in your right and left hand because you're not with me and you don't hear the sounds. But you guys are able to have bilateral movement like this, you're able to have bilateral movement. So the one the, the theory that I like that's most palatable and digested by me as the following
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to use an example.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am asked by my therapist to pull up the worst image of a negative event.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hold it in my working memory, which means I pulled it from my hippocampus. It's a part of the brain that holds stores a lot of memories, just like massive amounts of memory, the alphabet, all the way to
Gwenevere Abriel: How that zipper felt when I was first day of kindergarten no right like crazy amount of information. It just stores it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but I'm not thinking about how that zipper felt every day. I'm not. I don't have it sitting in my working just imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: We pull up that working memory and at the same time, I say, What's this sponsoring negative belief that you have. And we've identified. Whoops, I just switched to you being the client I have better stick with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: My negative cognition is I'm not enough. So I pull up this this little image. Let's say I'm six years old I pull it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have this negative cognition of I'm not enough with this bilateral stimulation does because that's the third piece I have my
Gwenevere Abriel: My image from the hippocampus. I have my prefrontal cortex now have thinking about my negative cognition and now I have this bilateral stimulation
Gwenevere Abriel: I think the mechanism of change, it's, it's a distraction. I think this is
Gwenevere Abriel: A distraction. Now, whether it's really what's operating is the fact that it's left and right hemisphere. I don't know that the other theory that seems palatable might be that the left and right hemisphere is being activated, but either way. I think it's a distraction.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that geez sensitization happens because those two negative things that I just asked you to build on while you're doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body is not in the level of distress than it was when it was happening when you were six when I was six, I keep getting lost in to the client is in the scenario but um
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are reworking that memory, it is less distressing. You're getting desensitized to it, but you don't tell me what the story is, notice I didn't tell you what happened to sex.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's really unique about this for a lot of people, they have their molestation survivors.
Gwenevere Abriel: There D developmental trauma, day after day neglect abandonment really long standing trauma on top of that they've had shock trauma and their car accident and were incarcerated. I mean, this is these are the people I work with. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what it does is if people are interested in telling those stories, they can still have healing around those those memories.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes people have intrusive thoughts that come into nightmares. They might show up out of the blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: They might feel a response to something that's so intense, and they can understand why am I feeling so intensely about something when I, when I look around. Everybody else is kind of like chill about it, but I'm freaking out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's one piece. This is a really complex I'm doing. I'm going to try to break it down into simple terms, but this is a very complex phenomenon, what goes on in her mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: The piece that I want to tell you about has to do with also they have a campus right I was telling you that's the big story part of the brain. The part of the brain stores memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically the original event that was happening. Let's say on sex. I was flooded with stress hormones, right, the cortisol.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what it did is it cut off the ability to get all the way up here to language to other parts of my brain completely cut off. Not only did it do that. But all that cortisol, of which this amygdala has it's covered in
Gwenevere Abriel: cortisol receptors. So it's flooding this hippocampus with cortisol and it's got lots of receptors. So in this event. I'm age six
Gwenevere Abriel: It corrupts the memory, which means really important pieces of this memory are forgotten.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not remembered really important pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not only that, but the timestamp is missing because this cortisol wash it's constantly going because right my clients are constant stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stress. Stress. Stress this event that happened. They got stored in here. It's all corrupted with missing events and no timestamp when the neural network gets triggered. There was a smell and taste some sound something that resembled it gets pulled up the client you me
Gwenevere Abriel: We feel that memory as if it's happening right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so catastrophic Lee intense
Gwenevere Abriel: What am Dr can do remember. I remember that word desensitization is
Gwenevere Abriel: So as we desensitize it we're putting the proper timestamp on it which means it gets to be in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: We get distance from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that was awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not reliving it right now. I can now look at it. That was in the past. That's not happening now.
Gwenevere Abriel: The neural network changes. So we get a proper timestamp. We get desensitized to it in typical Post Traumatic Stress Disorder Treatment is this exposure therapy was the go to. It's now em, Dr. For
Gwenevere Abriel: Em, Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: I movement Desensitization and Reprocessing
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so it isn't actually an evidence based treatment. Now for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder symptoms. So I know you asked, kind of, how does it work, so I won't even go into the bilateral thing because I, I'll just stick with I think that's what
Gwenevere Abriel: Treats go to treatment for post traumatic stress disorder. So right Vietnam vets people that are coming out of really intense crisis moments can have
Gwenevere Abriel: Some reprocessing of it. It's good for anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or depression. It's good for compulsive disorders.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think it's a good fit for you.
I was looking at something and
Katrina Gutierrez: I listened to a lot of stuff on the body.
Especially when it comes to like the mind and the brain.
Katrina Gutierrez: I had it written down, it was they use it a lot to be able to test for
Gwenevere Abriel: Water personality disorder which one
Katrina Gutierrez: For borderline personality disorder.
Katrina Gutierrez: They use it to test for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: A sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you saying there is a test a sound test to test for borderline personality disorder.
Katrina Gutierrez: I don't wanna sound test. It's just, this is just what they used to
Katrina Gutierrez: Do is safer sometimes would
Gwenevere Abriel: Why we
Gwenevere Abriel: Were just coming from
Katrina Gutierrez: I was looking, I was reading about
Katrina Gutierrez: About bipolar, too.
Katrina Gutierrez: And they were saying how sometimes it can be misdiagnosed, and then they got into the
Katrina Gutierrez: That test and I wasn't sure if that was the testing that we do not the test, but this stuff because it was like broken down like like words abbreviated
Katrina Gutierrez: I don't know it. I guess it's not important, if that's
Gwenevere Abriel: What it is, right, so you're taking a piece and then one thing is connected to another thing to an actor. Why don't we start with your curiosity around bipolar disorder. Why don't we talk about that woody what's going on around your curiosity around that.
Katrina Gutierrez: I just never really knew much about it. And so a lot of the things that I've been diagnosed with I absolutely either
Katrina Gutierrez: Realize that some of them are not necessarily a mental illness. It was just whatever I was going through at that time. And they've been misdiagnosed
In that
Katrina Gutierrez: Some of them do have because the thing about spiritual awakening is it can make you look crazy.
Katrina Gutierrez: And a lot of the things that I had been going through, because I think that it actually started before I knew it.
And I just barely started
Became aware at one point that it was happening. And so, you know, like
The anxiety, you know, that can tie in with just the fact that I absorbed people's energies more
Katrina Gutierrez: I've always been like that. I can't stand conflict.
Katrina Gutierrez: When I was a kid. When I go to school, I was this big or social butterfly. But then I had to come home and I had to be in my room with my door shut, to be able to like recharge didn't realize that's what I was doing. But, you know,
Katrina Gutierrez: So a lot of it. I don't think necessarily was anxiety. I think it was
You know,
The situation and then the
The being, you know, having extreme empathy.
Or
Being empathic where
Gwenevere Abriel: The situation and that just was overwhelming and it looked like, you know, generalized anxiety anxiety disorder, and I wish I had someone in your life. It could tell you oh you're taking care of yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of pathology using it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You understand
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be replacing a whole new set of labels for the ones you had before. And you might end up dropping those in 10 years or five. I'm not one upon labels. I play with them for a little while. Then I play with some other ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't get attached to them, you're calling it a spiritual awakening all those words you use I could use in from psychological terms. Yeah, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty me the fundamental piece is it adaptive is what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you played with your friends and you were funny entertaining and you've had the witty thing to say. And you knew how to bring out the best in people and you were all that dance and having fun with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you came home and you needed quiet because you gave and gave and gave and gave and gave and gave
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you came home. Close the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you refueled. Why does that have to be pathological
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it working. Did it work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you go to school the next day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you get your homework done chef friends. I'm sorry. That sounds like a balanced person to me that knows how to enjoy friends and also a long time. The likes the company. She keeps if you were in your room crying, your eyes out throwing up and smoking weed. That's a different conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you understand. Yeah. Yeah. Is it adaptive
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is this someone who's learning how to pay attention to the constant trends in changing needs of the human condition.
Gwenevere Abriel: 20 minutes for now. You might want something else prefer something else needs something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will you do with that need. Will you repress it will you shame it will you say I shouldn't have this. I don't know what you're going to do with it. I don't live your life is what you're doing, adaptive. There are big pieces when you came into this treatment with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you could stay. These are not adaptive. I can't leave the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know we labeled it agoraphobia right we label, we gave it you already had labels. I didn't have to do any labeling you already had a bunch of them. I didn't do it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I just want to talk about it. I want to know, how are you in your way, is this working for you. What can we do
Gwenevere Abriel: We did some therapeutic intervention. We see a lot of experiential stuff. And you've been changing. You can call it, call it whatever we want to
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're doing. We have to get grounded somewhere is what you're doing, working for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is not a happy life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't look like hers. It doesn't look like mine doesn't look like his who cares. This is adaptive for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: People are going to think we're crazy people are going to think you're crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have every right I can't make some change that the most important thing is, is it adapted. Is it healthy. Are you happy with the way you're doing your life is, is what you're doing, working for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What good is it going to be to compare it to me or to hurt him. I mean, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to help much.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you go one layer underneath. Why am I finding out about bipolar disorder go one layer underneath that I heard you say, yeah, I wonder stand if this label was real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go underneath that I want you, because every label has a 566 and a half six out of seven symptom cluster. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to hear about the cluster of symptoms that you're questioning your own intuition about whether it's normal, or am I crazy is this what other people do. What are the symptoms. We're really talking about what do you wonder about
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have any woman really know why you can get up. It was just because
Katrina Gutierrez: I wanted to
Katrina Gutierrez: I don't want to be one of those people that I'm not crazy and actually be sick in an area that I don't realize what I'm thinking because
Katrina Gutierrez: There's the possibility, where people don't know they're sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so label the symptoms. What are people saying, and it and again there is such a thing as I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting feedback from this auxiliary people were we here. Let's actually let's hear from the people in her life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Issue really running down the street naked.
Katrina Gutierrez: And there's there's nobody that's crazy. They all said I'm not in my own like logic on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the symptoms Katrina label them that you are not trusting your intuition label them. What are we talking about. I can't. We got fluffing here. We got all the first year.
Katrina Gutierrez: Just I did I. That was the only reason behind it. I didn't want to be one of those people that thought they weren't sick when they are
Katrina Gutierrez: There are no symptoms. I just want to make sure that what I'm going through
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you, what's the, what are you going through
Katrina Gutierrez: The Awakening everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Label Katrina. Do you
Katrina Gutierrez: Know more to the world than what I see.
Katrina Gutierrez: Or what I've been told, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll either find it adaptive and people will be sitting here like enjoying the conversation or they'll look at you like your cuckoo bird and you'll decide, do I want to keep talking to this person or not to get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, most of the time people
Katrina Gutierrez: Actually everybody's really supportive of it. They don't, they say, I'm not crazy but
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Katrina Gutierrez: Okay, for instance, astral projecting i thought was crazy. That was just crazy. And I just wanted to make sure that I wasn't like being a crazy person thinking I was having experienced that I wasn't
Katrina Gutierrez: Or that was is real to me but not, you know, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta tell you something. I think there's enough trust here that you're able to hear this. You spend a lot of time at home, do we both agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what you're going to be like when you get out
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if this astral projection will be there. I don't know what what you call astral projection is what people call a deja vu. I don't know enough about the brain to say this, notice how you don't like this word.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, I can't be expected to know this if you want to spend your time feeling sort of specialness around this thing that you have. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what you're going to be like when you get out into the world and and you have to pay your rent pay tax pay for car insurance and gas. I don't know. What do you think you're going to be preoccupied with
So be preoccupied with
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then find out, then that's all you'll do it. I personally, I noticed when I have to do these things. I just described.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to really focus. I can't do two things at once. I have to do one
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you you can do two things at the same time.
Katrina Gutierrez: Yeah, even when I went before when I was living on my own and doing work thing ran you know, having to pay water gas, electric
Katrina Gutierrez: You know my car insurance, all that stuff. It
Katrina Gutierrez: It's still stuff like that still was on my mind. I don't know why just always kind of
I've always wondered about
Gwenevere Abriel: If we're not seeing or knowing. Yeah. And someone else is going to call that right a spiritual awakening someone's going to call it crazy someone's going to call a hallucinating. There's going to be 20 different labels and I'm going to ask you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it working for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna care whether the way you're interpreting it is useful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it adaptive. Now, if you say it's taking up 36 out of my 48 hours questioning, is this real. I don't even know if this pen is real and you literally forget to eat Bay's your relationships with deteriorated. You understand what I mean by adaptive
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not like an obsession. Is it working for you or not.
I'm sorry, hold on.
What
Katrina Gutierrez: Trinity. I'm in a meeting you need awake.
Gwenevere Abriel: So remember, we started right. I want to know. Am I crazy, crazy people don't know they're crazy and you've asked me in session. Once you had a really big fear response. You were concerned, I was going to label you crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I huh
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, maybe I'm thinking you're crazy right now. How do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: What's crazy, the person that gets along fine with an absolutely insane environment is that, I mean, cuz sometimes I think that's what we got going on here. I think the world's going crazy. Do I really want to get to. I want to be like, maybe I'd rather just be crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think the world congress
Katrina Gutierrez: Really, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let that just all fall away.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're happy if right now we want to focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: Really a deep connection to your spirituality and it's changing its label you're calling it this far before it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Jesus God Catholicism and heaven and hell, you know, the terms that you're using in here if they change like
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been very adamant about certain words and they're starting to change your focus on particular words are changing. I'm watching you, but you really like your words you really get a good strong hold on them and you like them.
Katrina Gutierrez: Is this because I don't know how to explain something without like a label or a certain word. I don't know how to
I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not that I like labels. It's just I don't, it's just it's a way to explain what I'm trying to get across, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're you had years where you didn't have a chance to show the develop that
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's, that is what it is. Um,
Katrina Gutierrez: You can say, like, whatever. I'm not gonna get offended. It is there is open trust here. I don't
Katrina Gutierrez: I'm not super sensitive to where I'm going to freak out or anything like I have in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think on the other side of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Identity that you're developing
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I have my interpretation, I think, on the other side of it years from now, a month from now whatever the time so I don't have any idea about time that I don't know what that is. You're going to go, oh, I worked it out. Hey, turns out I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have a label.
Gwenevere Abriel: For what faith is
Gwenevere Abriel: Its faith, it means there's a abyss.
Gwenevere Abriel: Between now and there I don't know what y'all are calling it
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't know how I'm gonna get over there, but I know I'm going to be okay. And when this is all figured out. And you've run through 20 different labels of things, I think,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to come to terms with your enough, you're fine with the label you got this summary that you came up with whichever one which one it's going to be when it all settles in,
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want it to be adaptive. That is my concern though my concern is, I really do want to know whether it gets in the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of communication with people. If it's getting in the way your relationship with yourself, if it gets in the way of you accomplishing the goals that you want to play with, whether it's this this business plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm always curious, are you, is it helping you. Because faith is supposed to kind of let you free from having to analyze a bunch of stuff just yeah faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your faith you just you stop analyzing it just sits there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can call it any number of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sits. You don't have to keep going at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And relabeling it are our words are made up of little letters.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there'll be this this religion or this philosophy that's got something in common with this one, or which ones. Right. Well, which one is it. It's true. The truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Spent a lot of time doing that. I mean, there's whole right that's what philosophers, they spend their whole time kind of analyzing this thing. I can't do it. I can't spend all my time doing that, I get it. I've done it. I've looked at it and then settled into something
Gwenevere Abriel: So that I could accomplish those little you know bills and things right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your approach adaptive for you or not. That's really it.
Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you are focusing on you. What are some of the goals that this spiritual awakening is helping you move toward. How is it helping
It's helping towards
Me being more creative expressing my creativity.
being scared to show it.
That's cool. I'm being so
Obsessed with
Matching or if my hair looks perfect.
Katrina Gutierrez: My hair is like crazy. These days, I don't know what's going on. I
Katrina Gutierrez: Just got this free thing going on. So it's it's making me more comfortable with myself, I'm
Katrina Gutierrez: More just expressive and not like the outer like expressing outer it's more like the inner like
Katrina Gutierrez: What really makes me happy. What drives me what
Katrina Gutierrez: I can bring to the table in the sense of
If no buddy that was created every earth people that were creative never shared you know their talents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get the world would be so boring. Oh, so
Katrina Gutierrez: So it's making me realize that, you know, there are many talents that I have
Katrina Gutierrez: That I'm learning still, you know, I mean, I'll be graded them at first, or maybe spectacular Adam, but I'm learning them and I'm expressing them and I have the poor, the perfect group of people around me right now that are very supportive of that.
And
Katrina Gutierrez: I have the time and
So it's
It's helping me find myself and what makes me happy again.
Katrina Gutierrez: And not be so stuck on who I used to be, because I am grown compared to that little kid or teenage version of myself. I'm a different person completely
Katrina Gutierrez: In if you even looked at it in like cellular term I'm, I'm a different person. So I'm going to be different.
And not living in the memory of who or what I used to like or want
Katrina Gutierrez: That that's not who I'm going to be and not where I am so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me get a second
Gwenevere Abriel: We didn't have time to get into refining, some of these other goals for through 11 but I did write a few
Gwenevere Abriel: Things down last time. So let me just check in one one statement. Okay. Because we've only got a couple minutes. Pretty sure this client will show up on time, ready, one of your goals is I want to remain a non smoker. Are you remaining a non smoker today.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you accomplishing that
keeping busy. I'm
Staying busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when the thought comes or a trigger happens someone's outside smoking. What do you do, what do you do good to go. There we go. Beautiful. And I want to wake up thankful and smile for no reason. Are you doing that. Yeah. How are you doing that.
Katrina Gutierrez: I'm just when I wake up I immediately just say thank you because I know
Katrina Gutierrez: That especially just looking at our world these days. It is a very big blessing to wake up and be okay and not be in any of the, you know, what have what the world's going through right now you know know diseases, no hunger. You know, I got everything I need. I have been water.
Not surrounded by Lucas, I mean,
Katrina Gutierrez: There's a lot to be thankful for. Yes, there is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're remembering to think about it, when you wake up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Find my calling or purpose by following my passions and heart. How are you doing around that.
Katrina Gutierrez: Are still just following the passion. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's her. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's that that business plan you for yourself. Right. Okay.
Katrina Gutierrez: I got all the info for Nike to
Gwenevere Abriel: I got a really cool idea is I think they're gonna go. I know they're gonna go for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think so too. I like formulate this whole idea of what you're talking about. I've made something up in my head and I sure hope you follow through with it. I really really do know I'm going to work on it as soon as
Katrina Gutierrez: I get off with you. I gotta do my my coping and then I'm going to work on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then there's, I want to do something physical and make sure I would be okay climate and if I
Gwenevere Abriel: Go outside finds
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, alright. So when you identify the okay i want to do something physical. I'm assuming you mean outside maybe what have you done over this last couple weeks that demonstrates to you that you're going to be okay. Physically
Katrina Gutierrez: I was well I've been doing
Katrina Gutierrez: It's not like it's not
Katrina Gutierrez: Couple it up, but it's like this. Yeah, it's like, but it's the, it's the martial arts part of it. The Brazilian and I have this over there so wooden sword.
Katrina Gutierrez: And I just been messing around with that jumping around. And what I'm trying to do is you see those people that can do like the crazy flips and they look like they're like papers like the the way, nothing. Yeah, I'm learning how to do that. So,
Katrina Gutierrez: Inside, I'll do the flips and stuff while trying to outside. I will do, like with the sword where I'm just like messing around, but
Katrina Gutierrez: The kids shouldn't tell Lisa sister came into town with all the kids. So I was out there with them. I have a video where they're harassing me because I'm working on the car and they just like come just harass me, but I was a weekend I was out there working on the car.
Katrina Gutierrez: Learned how to I mean when I started, I had no idea what I was doing. By the end of it. I know all about timing and topped it center and the crankshaft so
That's me.
He gets a miracle.
Katrina Gutierrez: Make sense to me. I don't know if I can figure it out. The hardest part is trying to Google, what this big, you know, square thing next to this other you know round ish thing.
Katrina Gutierrez: Name. So I'm like, I don't know how to Google, but Elena finding it somehow.
That's neat.
And then I'm still been doing my dancing that I always do out in the garage or in the living room, but
I've been starting on the side of the house because there's this little area that's just a little gated area.
And I was able to put down these titles. What's this Florida snap together with the extra I put it down like a breakdancing
Gwenevere Abriel: So this goal of developed goals to increase satisfaction pleasure in
Gwenevere Abriel: In unsatisfactory non using areas of life. I feel like this is just not relevant anymore developers to increase satisfaction and pleasure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so too. Let's close them and it's been achieved, but 310 20 calls that puppy out, you are much happier gal much much much happier.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm excited for you. And what I noticed today. Was it sounds like you've lifted the burden of guilt, like I'm responsible for this other human being. You've lifted it and giving yourself permission to enjoy your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's huge. And so I want to check in on that a little bit and I did you let me poke there a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you can keep it. If you backslide just let me know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will
Let's go cut I'll drop this into the completed area again achieved here.
Chief
Gwenevere Abriel: Paste. Okay, let's schedule another time to meet you.
See close
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been working on music to I believe it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Got this little thing that you've got to the computer. Oh, yeah.
Katrina Gutierrez: Oh my god, it's so funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noon. On March 24 324 at
Gwenevere Abriel: The Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. So, if you don't mind. Let's she hasn't come knocking on the door. Let me just hear a little bit about what your takeaway from today is what are you going to walk away with today feels important to you.
Katrina Gutierrez: That I need to just believe that my intuition is really that I'm not crazy and I need to not focus on that because everybody
Literally everybody that I'm in contact with doesn't think that's the case.
Katrina Gutierrez: And I think that it's just me.
That's projecting like insecurities about it and it's it's
Katrina Gutierrez: It's blurring.
This blurring the actual image of what's really going on.
Katrina Gutierrez: That I'm going to make myself crazy by thinking I'm crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, maybe. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: locks into it. Yeah.
Katrina Gutierrez: And it was believe my intuition, because I do. That's what I feel like that. It wasn't
What was going on and it's not what's going on.
Katrina Gutierrez: Yeah, I mean not be
Katrina Gutierrez: Not I might. I might have trauma or PTSD, but it's nothing from what
What is
been diagnosed. Okay.
That would be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if there are those tangible things around.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be able to go without distress, because you work through some of them. As far as being in the car and checking on texts and and Find My iPhone and things like that. Like you've made a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot of progress.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's still things you want access to meaning resources. I want to be able to go here there without
Gwenevere Abriel: uncertainty and fear or I just won't go if there's still some of that that comes up, we can define those
Gwenevere Abriel: And there might be an opportunity if you wanted to, to do some of that work that I was describing the downside. There are some downsides to doing em, Dr. For a little while for some people.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can bring up a fragment that you had compartmentalised because the other thing that happens with a trauma network is it's separate from the rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of basically the neural networks, it gets sort of isolated and so it's not connected sometimes to positive things either. It's just sort of sits there and isolation by itself.
You know if
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me get this thought out because
Gwenevere Abriel: The negative side effects of em Dr can be increased distress for a little while.
Gwenevere Abriel: While your work through it. Not always the way I do it is attachment focused em dark em, Dr. Which means I'm using a lot of positive in imagery. While we're doing the work. I want to integrate positive stuff into it. So it's not just the desensitization. So what I do is a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just different.
Gwenevere Abriel: So anyway, we'll talk more. We have another appointment and. Do you need anything for me as far as the
Gwenevere Abriel: Medication goes, Are you you're good to go to group because
Gwenevere Abriel: I find
Katrina Gutierrez: I'll be there. Thursday.
Katrina Gutierrez: Yeah, it's Thursday, right,
Katrina Gutierrez: Yeah, getting messed up with Thursday and Friday at the times and because I've been loving
Katrina Gutierrez: Thursday.
Katrina Gutierrez: I'll be there. Thank you.